feat(documentation): adds deprecation message to badge (#2410)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/badge/badge.docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import { PostAlert } from '@swisspost/design-system-components-react';
import * as badgeStories from './badge.stories';
import StylesPackageImport from '../../../shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

<Meta of={badgeStories} />

> <PostAlert type="warning">

Reviewer: Nitpick: Just for design coherency, can you please put the alert after the lead like https://next.design-system.post.ch/?path=/docs/components-alert--docs

  <p slot="heading">Badge is deprecated</p>
  <p>

>     The current badge is deprecated and will be replaced with the new chip component that will look
>     and work similar like the current badge component. There will also be a new badge component, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The current badge is deprecated and will be replaced with the chip component which will behave similarly as the current badge component. There will also be a new badge component, but
```
Might be a bit better?

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

> import {  PostAlert } from '@swisspost/design-system-components-react';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { PostAlert } from '@swisspost/design-system-components-react';
```

import * as badgeStories from './badge.stories';
import StylesPackageImport from '../../../shared/styles-package-import.mdx';

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<Meta of={badgeStories} />

<PostAlert type="warning">
  <p slot="heading">Badge is deprecated</p>
  <p>

>     The current badge will be deprecated in favour of a new chip component that looks similar to it. There will also be a new badge component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The current badge is deprecated and will be replaced with the new chip component that will look and work similar like the current badge component. There will also be a new badge component, but with a different behavior.
```

    that looks similar to the current nested badge.

>     Check out the new components in figma:
>     [Chip](https://www.figma.com/file/xZ0IW0MJO0vnFicmrHiKaY/Components-Post?type=design&node-id=11194-50777&mode=design&t=SeiMf2Vt3dmUnpMT-0)
>     /
>     [Badge](https://www.figma.com/file/xZ0IW0MJO0vnFicmrHiKaY/Components-Post?type=design&node-id=11038-51303&mode=design&t=SeiMf2Vt3dmUnpMT-0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
